All right the first of Kirchhoff's rules is referred to as the junction rule and engineering textbooks
refer referred as Kirchoff's current law.
So these sometimes often see it as case C-L Kirchoff's current law and there's Kirchhoff right here
and it basically says this at any junction.
If you add up all the currents they must be equal to zero.
So whatever flows in to a junction we call that a positive current and whatever flows out of a junction
we're going to call that a negative current.
OK.
So and while the junction we have to define a junction is any point where you define a point wherever
you have a wire going in and you could have several wires branching out.
So here's the junction for this simple circuit up here.
If you are going to apply Kirchoff's current law to this junction over here again you're adding them
all up and they have to be equal to zero.
And this is the sign convention whatever flows in defining it as positive.
So in this case we have current one flowing into the junction.
So you'd have positive one and you have two and three that flow out of the junction
then you've added up all the currents.
They have to be equal to zero.
Now if you rearrange this does bring the negative currents on the other side.
You simply have one which equals to Aitu plus three.
So this would be Kirchoff's current law applied to that junction up there.
And what you see is this equation here basically another way of rewriting the some of the currents equals
to zero is simply nice simply to say that whatever current flows in this guy right here
must be equal to the total current flowing out
you think about current as a almost like a water analogy.
Right moving charges.
Think about it is water flowing down a river.
If there is a bifurcation somewhere if the river splits the two parts wherever water was flowing in
has to be the same amount of water flowing out through the two different sections over here.
What it means for charges is Kirchoff's current law is basically a statement of conservation of charge.
That's kind of the origin of this current law and it's pretty easy to apply.
So let's look at a couple of examples.
And you can practice applying the current law to find the unknown currents.